Today is Danny Dog’s Birthday.
He is having a party.
Yoo hoho!
Everyone has come dressed as a pirate.
Pedro Pony is dressed
up as a cowboy. Eee hi!
Ahoy, there, we hearties.
It is Granddad dog dressed up as a pirate.
Hello, Granddad dog.
Call me Dog Beard.
Hello, Dog Beard.
xxxxxxxxxx
Why is he talking funny?
That’s pirate talk.
If you want to play
my pirate game, say “Arrr~”
Arrr~
Is it a dangerous game?
No, Pedro.
Granddad Dog has promised
me. It will be a very safe game.
But it will be exciting.
So who wants to play?
Arrr~
Here be the plan.
Here was a heap of gold
which was mined by Kright.???
What?
Pirate talk is a bit difficult to understand.
Captain Hog took my treasure.
Oh!
Oh you.
The Captain Hog is a fearsome pirate.
Some of you may have
already known him as Grandpa Pig.
Ah, Grandpa Pig!
The game is to go to
Captain Pig’s hideout and
get back my treasure without being caught.
Hurrah!
Everyone is excited
to be playing a pirate game.
Hello, Grandpa Pig. We are on our way.
Jolly good.
Grandpa Pig and Parrot
are gardening the pirate treasure.
Xxxxxxxxxxx
What does that mean?
Run to the boat.
Yo hoho.
Hold there.
Put your life jackets up.
On Granddad Dog’s boat,
all the children must wear life jackets.
That scurvy Dog
Beard should be here by now.
Here is a nice cup of tea, Grandpa pig.
Oh, thank you. Granny Pig.
At last, are we already now?
Mr. Dog Beard, I need to go to the toilet.
And me.
What can be keeping them?
Hello, Granddad Dog. I
thought you said you were on your way.
Yes, yes. We are almost there.
It’s taking a while to get my crew together.
Anchor’s away. Full sail.
Ahoy, Dog beard.
Land ahoy!
The children have
arrived at Grandpa Pig’s orchard.
The game is to get that
treasure without being caught.
Hurrah for the pirates!
Shush! Mommy.
I hope there are no pirates around here,
trying to take my lovely treasure.
Peppa and her friends have
got the coins without being caught.
It’s chocolate coins.
Everybody loves chocolate coins.
Yum, yum, yum.
Aha, got you.
Granddad dog has been caught.
Try and take my treasure, would you?
It’s mine. I want it very square.
No, no. You didn’t.
Oh, yes, I did.
Thank you,
Captain Hog and Dog
Beard for the lovely pirate game.
Oh, you are very welcome.
Eh, oh yes. It’s been lots of fun.
Happy birthday, Danny!
It’s been the best pirate party ever!
Arrrr…